please continue uh he's on an IV to get
some antibiotics who cares man go get my
son and bring him and his giant nut out
here that's it right now stop it doctor
thank you very much I appreciate you
taking care of our son thank you very
much I'm sure you seem like a very
caring father that George just sent you
the 30 days of the kind of workout
you're gonna get killed if I can't say
that any lunch counter i want that i
might as well be dead we're fighting for
our right right what we like sergeant
nation's consciousness toward the
internal cannot even sent me goddamn i
have been great i think you talked to
her brought you news will take you out i
was referring to you not that the chains
aren't a heart look but no not gonna
straddle you in front of all these good
nice what if I killed all of them first
easy boy there's a lot more tranq where
that came from what are you guys doing
it is just five minutes to get to know
each other better oops
oh hey boys this is your approach to
women you're not gonna get very far hey
I'm right here what oh no no no no no no
please Elise tomorrow get on out here
call an ambulance no no no tell me Lisa
oh no oh no